Update content from 2005 (#21897)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/client-side_web_apis/drawing_graphics/index.md

This however was still not enough. While you could use [CSS](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS) and [JavaScript](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript) to animate (and otherwise manipulate) SVG vector images — as they are represented by markup — there was still no way to do the same for bitmap images, and the tools available were rather limited. The Web still had no way to effectively create animations, games, 3D scenes, and other requirements commonly handled by lower level languages such as C++ or Java.

> The situation started to improve when browsers began to support the {{htmlelement("canvas")}} element and associated [Canvas API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API) in 2004. As you'll see below, canvas provides some useful tools for creating 2D animations, games, data visualizations, and other types of app, especially when combined with some of the other APIs the web platform provides, but can be difficult or i.

Reviewer: Missing some text after `i` at end of the sentence

> The situation started to improve when browsers began to support the {{htmlelement("canvas")}} element and associated [Canvas API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API) in 2004. As you'll see below, canvas provides some useful tools for creating 2D animations, games, data visualizations, and other types of app, especially when combined with some of the other APIs the web platform provides, but can be difficult or i.

Author: ```suggestion
The situation started to improve when browsers began to support the {{htmlelement("canvas")}} element and associated [Canvas API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API) in 2004. As you'll see below, canvas provides some useful tools for creating 2D animations, games, data visualizations, and other types of applications, especially when combined with some of the other APIs the web platform provides, but can be difficult or impossible to make accessible
```
